it's the height of summer on the
Falkland Islands and a group of
feathered pirates takes wing their quest
satisfying their hunger by any and all
means available which means terrorizing
their neighbors but just who is this
masked bandit he's none other than the
striated Caracara also known as Johnny
rook
despite their sometimes unsavory
reputation
Johnny rook is among the most
intelligent of the bird species they're
fearless daring and famously curious
they're also one of the rarest they
exist only on the Falkland Islands and a
few other small islands off the coast of
South America the population is thought
to be less than 2,500 Johnny rooks will
eat just about anything but chicks are a
favorite
they share these islands with the
world's largest breeding population of
endangered black-browed albatross and
this season's brood has arrived
this little guy doesn't stand a chance
young gangs of Johnny rooks are even
bolder going after prey much larger than
themselves this Johnny rook is resolute
using his long talons to dig into the
fur seal pups back he will not give up a
whole gang of years wanting a piece of
the action
but the pups cries don't go unheeded and
mother comes to the rescue
their plot foiled the birds take to the
wing again and wait for the next
opportunity